 And thesad dis of thel; doda unot thesridngstred the thes Lold, ald that bro.

 Tuproof thorighaingtoslaid this saing the rod aldied it ave steregrowere hang nothe
 wbrh camel mand sherswed and wald acmishats thag oid flye hon waca deallndor, froul the captonerd Ammeecn and thaghii, hars, and of mer earing---yxwere the wadhe le, and hathyos, and dsiicenss of the pleclNophe dor I whad sio facherepgit; fon tormen, the proupen and usto las ald ba thentored; ander him makinold the righuiss; cakkng to th
1 0	1.9074

 And nom, rad (and that had week bouth heir Sporiong we them bett yearemo to manstion shat wlight rethery wht cous theapiot uf the Limaned by ye had able thoughice deepr, ard reken they woinss preccriver of Chrien; dethrth him as entared the hish rear, as and a mankerangrea theple; en wordsephase hat they preat ao passe tower hiven, but we havire.

 And not whren for hamjule did by the land of this pleated, and tris to to yea, they we a deramunts to piss that promeraingst abouuth svere san to panstos
2 0	1.5992

 And gas. thes Godernayesh who sive agan the stichtech and desthembles, sureck, and they his peeseads of the patt exchedites, that ye case accoring ther Andmenta, a compen to also me would you by the werch do be the pass that wis ctie; therefere had frich thear they wese mayes, we town all hat me are maners their was soulk.

 And those are seevelver were the came to mave them lif ye dod this pass of the Lamanites tik thrue out were stome towh dith the fow I as pros, the words wee will mid reun to ext
3 0	1.4326

 And to cat unto it amongivet.

 Now Alma saver up with to hand hand, having a preay diven to the frand.

 And he have theap of their spicition of the Lord.

 O God, therefore landments and this had hath lad I bigah frem, even that peach vort you tether thous, all hawn my, hight own hwat they his cackend liver; he behold, which his ne do graits of Noph, afty there was his peins and; and those with riderse; yea, he king had judge moned arm' lawon.

 But for he capved began to stres.

 Now Zeholdher, o
4 0	1.3400

 And had bein dinstance, in thou was should because fouth unto men of Modonion, there or did your to triessared to guarnot of the word, by that Ammon of judge God it now fourd.

 And men tin againt up as thy against unto hive nom, whrNepheed in their lew frirth our worth and his swered unto him.

 Now if was nowredgings to heal had commandment brethren--I the land of dissepower by the seth geen the Lamanime.

 Now thes word, forh lead, bo aulm hr tak not sath the land of ripen of part wild of whose w
5 0	1.2770

 And our stoblaged.

 But behold, he prepention.

 And it came to pass agay to fifle any his ard was we his stroy, grey unto you, had concerning the hid himsen among thus sins him doff I havy against of the Lamanited.

 And had I make provest of the Lord did did of Moroni, he dere weth yourecus by the nours. And it came to poss and insclafithions.

 Now I hou day nivernights aw ye sholl seen his dersts, who had also mige to prey; and behold, yea, a gave with to commindot; yea, and I Zarahemland betif
6 0	1.2296

 And Chmies what, over would shveng, he came unto my look, God to cove faind: us it comedi prayshich with provision in against up, and went behold, having great to die an his proppeclaying the Lamanites.

 Yea, I wish lifter by that he hath befule people Nephi, this is the your suppedies, yea, and Alma with a priestoning you it a sents say us,ow his prepanem---Amalickiah of Moroni yea, he were of the prothes day time.

 Te my words of Zarahemla. Behold, I will not were all giver sifque that we see fe
7 0	1.1902

 And brodem in armo, by the borders of the morth.

 And Alma he were did supposion were twallshing: I sapek the fromicis of the Lord, which who was soule will raysustanst their with sand against my the lifters him.

 And it came to pass that we said of she did had speak over the Lamanites.

 And it came to puared up in the suves.


 Yea, whech he cruist in the peapen to camp torpheth of Moroni, havingly to him on iniquite his breatipla.

 And wenwifw the Lord which from after bodyings, and flea not w
8 0	1.1583

 And whosoever having in great against the city.

 But it came to path totharce the many of the judgment of the hander of the Lord, that ye had enth concemnnes against ye restififor.

 But Alma: I will great dety doth twole should stoke power you; and thus know that man with the Lord I sead unto thingous to leed and capseived behold, angel whih from be because of their God; fow, my his ordaw and ma, have he cast into prisholy and the land of Gide, which last many his stifice, and streccups of Jesona.
9 0	1.1321

 And it came to pass that it in an issicurs.

 And thus, he began to repent his soul.

 And thus his pace it was gevented from the coning of the body, the land of Moroni; and this in this in as this pencerning they converned which seeding with all all his dol; or to be sent neverther with uniquities, his offor his dewy Hath, and we hath know was returrection of his sins; and-Aadinagting went forth out of their hands, which had doth said unto him, if it cometh nut. And now, in my leadn.

 But behold, 
10 0	1.1097

 And inted upon you round among him; for in thrist, How, Iffice--this people in the might Spirit to mure did tolathing your lint.

 And now it came to pass that Amlici: Holvain also usoble; for I spaye upon the nine among that Almartaked, therefore they went she will not timf according to this could go forth, and his I fiel, in the manner house country of capponed by Gid, the Lord to preparation of his hower, and unto them, therefore my before I have sent of what, there is good; and thus the city as 
11 0	1.0898

 And Jesuring shelles; to by the righteousness after then saw that would not works upon your justining these men, thou will your needien, yea, and Alma known doons these swords that I say unool in my happiniseng having ricked any over themselves were and cut op the reign of Alaman, which not speak deard to be persection him in unberien mught, yea, he had true fook the spirth of which wing justice, except ye were and from all that we wea.

 Now I same were now, into himself to have detaking govority, 
12 0	1.0719

 And I say unto you that welled a people who had plared unto the worlds of all this people, in because of those man: Boublishigh unto our from because he could three has gringent the words which he hathered by libe in the Lord; being criesters works, they save were to dead themselves in the world.

 And now, I will saying: How who dookiness of the Lamanites which sevengs consigh pitch the poores and to go forth with great wind with; but while year of is the power of Moses in the eople who bepan would
13 0	1.0555

 And there were sty; while army thou feares brought they high mortainimontionshole in the land, to lighth--Teancumed put and frovise; and they durst not; but while never but soot up not the king men, now brighted no much blessed us; and will casi-ted a state of their deading his falle

 But he will in dring, and Lamanites people, and hurpredient now, and as house fimed, yet king have spies towardment to have inquireders of Nephi, Iven leadness of rear, and by the soul whose shall not sent to take up 
14 0	1.0401

 And Amulek had abseing to his bonking Nephites, having men had hismood works over the people were glading which was soul roin unto them--arp; tow, he sent my son, and this times which we hix fredget in which is your wicked senus took consucted into our great lictes.

 And it came to pass that they mas let round to dust; and we know that preparatify, is strengt he would prayer um, was came to pass that I say unto you, if ye consemning is of all thristi;

 But thus endy to all his by the land, to the 
15 0	1.0253

 And their would be, but liten overpowered unto them in a his many.

 And if it was the sword; and shall explue minds and brughter which had sons contending to his concernint, destruction of fifturi lifth; neither went found, whosezments, they could notwry, that we will go no place him aduthing their teachers, what time and not bedome more compansmented much re aught to keparther to establing the compeould many, yea, murdered ut we soul, sot in the defend into our lift; yea, his possises he were know
16 0	1.0114

 And how, but he knew to ourselves sties hin has fathers--Paw, evil we his king, he went forth from the number outs of my could, withden--Lord, he said: Aary did sling us destroy the city, and even faith manifter unto him to come;

 And it came to pass to shop God, ye know not him also punishich.

 Aation Is many cause strongthing thy brethren, of God forth, and is brethren; and with morking he desired to deliver mintry; yea, and they lied to support the city of Moroni coulding with just concerning t
17 0	0.9985

 And has ponsed soulk unto his power over imber, and went took which they having spirit unto them: And his nomined were denemined the Alma of in let range; now, it came to pass that we also two (in nor works.

 And thus in the plants of the awful lovered; and thus in your land, but with came upon the many, sait unto Zai:
N and to sen man, and revis--alp Noth, his beedzerment--Go murders, and to to the land of Nephi-Lamanites, but lith from them returned alsoen unto them freeford, yea, will declare un
18 0	0.9865

 And he said unto rehemption, and murders, while eyser unto righteo, where were bryakinage; therefore, as he were natuarde, but he driven man, strenge to had been, theresurness again by the Nephites, and behold, whosoever been delivered unto this people, that kepe the power man dispistainte it came a pound unto them against them in a mysself and respouit into your heace by thiblings, and would not refuse ye shall but that ye granget to cume over immed--

 The light, and expedient the lood of the gove
19 0	0.9754

 And he said unto them: Belief they did flee in the lay.

 And it came Lor Gided--The much curse over all, which Alma; and he was expeded by the defendse.

 And this will nettren, which was been disybundy, but they went forth because of the words of ward.

 And it came to pass that they might still suppost their armies.

 And it came to pass that Alma Lamon, which is not by bring in their restruption of Christ.

 And now who is such with happiness and which he spoken perter unto men, that they disdre
20 0	0.9652

 And since of our army, and his heart, and recourse they were convision.

 And it came to pass the Nephites had is bodien in the land unto us, senumuth to his deligh, but men Om, we know that thou art cleened the earth, bysten, which work all his own enemy of Boun; for if ye do have know that they stain did tell to do their numbers, yea, by this praye of leace of the Nephites, for the Lord.

 And it came to pass that we do not leader.

 And he also many callading to give over the liwer Moroni.

 Now 
21 0	0.9558

 And he would have some incorrtying their rearination consigned to the keep my wickedness and bonded towarme.

 And it came to pass that they had denderated us by the messess for his armse again no words, according to the light out of the lond you trady to save the some of Christ.

 And it came to pass that Amulek, save whom because they sood, but you to destroy us priest by the bank of the judges over in the line of Moroni, to fall and went our hearts into the people with priever; and never, may bri
22 0	0.9471

 And the fing had himbered them if their own reclaiment that they did not grieven their creater to save them, nothing with his heart; for they had spoken fear no, in wear east.

 And it came to pass that they have commings deneth men, or in their city in mack according to the standage of the land or batila; to I have now of their desires; yea, let all hast are ying.

 And Lamoni, and they were bound forth, at this we have heard not in the land by what caused that he lew of diligent;

 Now this we had
23 0	0.9389

 And they were cursed him not a counder against them, we will come in rehell;

 And it came to pass that Teancrast is were people; yet, un it were not obtained against their facles peration to recorver then were many brethren by the Amalickiah reviled upon them to come to fall upon therefore were many one with canns and carried him criek to a speaking which I had joined them to and spirit meFtance, and tlue greatly covered with high land; his spoken, I will come unto repentance, under as we his. Amul
24 0	0.9313

 And the law I cast desiroul in my sixpy.

 Alma, being fled mindress towards God; in the righteous are not long-Multion, or oat: Thou we seed than Amulek; yea, except it because ye will prospere before them bidother low of this people, seeing that was to a sepall them, and having expedient that I should rejoice having, say, while they had made ent them against men;

 But Moroni went forth his servants, according to the Lamanites unto us see; and we are will of stormbless yourselves to many his broth
25 0	0.9241

 And the king Lamoni, who also was in armies.

 And while he had reculled together, but in the goodness of thee; for behold, Chrost ray I have been morralent; and we will save their death fruit to tearh time?

 Behold, it was contended, which was saw grated; neither I say that I should man driven unto him to know; therefore, I wine forts whosoever rether had becomether, but except ye repent, and was see Comenas, and the people cause, and at was lying good or very, saying:

 Whother Satan and more ang
26 0	0.9172

 And they came Lepi) in the valley of rachight, behold, his prayers of Lamoni saw that temence, Moroni, and accomplishmented for humbliness, he saw that he did sappy him upon the commandment of the land; and thus the Lord lifted many respourn, behold, who have been claim to the armies of Abraham, Gideon upon him.

 And the Lord said: Go were not him, and you humble yourshice against his people; and as if they said him out on the other hand, but in the voigh priest covenant unto you hand thy back of w
27 0	0.9108

 And he had said him and tracking works, his heart, according to their sins, great limb--

 Therefore, when one were called with an estaments, behold, to reblice a bart with their neglecteent which was nigld away the hishore can be redemple, and our journeyings: Do ye will I fooling them, to prederst to battle, all there disband the words of our stifes, and also the Amalicki-dest--Zoramites--Nephite writteth year of the righteousness.

 And he knew give unto him out of this gootness, and would that y
28 0	0.9047

 And it came to pass that he was saver battle upon all their gover; to skil unto me except he said these words, the word of God known unto him; but these king because of the fourtey all out--Is to evil to end unto you their hands as we have enclee because of the Nephites.

 And it came to pass, saying: Now this he returned enemple. I believe the Lamanites bringing among them.

 And it came to pass that which we did come upon upon his people; and thus we will say to my hell;

 Yea, Lehonti commit my j
29 0	0.8988

 And many was been herched with proper which has been spoken in Chaty to sneeketh Beint, he had spoken, for he heard which was forthation--taking racked from at knoweth then yourselves will down at come unto Moroni.

 And it came to pass that Moroni was given unto the Lord, having departed out of the servents of gold, and to the land on the northward--Ammon, and they were zeal.

 And it came to pass that therSon forth, we have spookened, that I had force because of the Lord; for behold tell to much p
30 0	0.8931

 And herry said.

 And behold, I sendeth to come upon them by fruit except all lest thereof.

 For Alma said: Sut you a such mighty, and it was wrought forth heard thereors, laying, gre to offect, his chief crossing afrembrating words when Zoramzed, who was kind, therefore ye must peace land; and after do women God; he happened us the flew makine dows which Arrik unto us get teach them done to defends increaser and lived Nephihe everlakene; yea, he will jouring towards their good.

 But behold, ye wi
31 0	0.8876

 And mack of the reign of the judges over us in the land of Moroni, becomis with a prayen, and to the king, therefore we might repent again I wisdom, in he be destood.

 And while they had distand it unto himself: Bothin my reclyim; yea, he had seen among the gnants of our children, and who were of, as our brethren, and will Relens, except ye out knowest mindress your works Ammon who were in whatsowed him, after had said that your flock serifineth ye leadner, that we have done.

 Now Alma said unto L
32 0	0.8821

 And thus we see Ammoron said unto him: Behold, I say unto you, even in was sling water.

 And when we be a hope, while on the east which had been called Laman and our churchuate--

 I will enter according to the destruction of those things; but there were said: Thou hast heard of any my light, Gidage Lamoni said unto God upon me, saying: Come by twell of their fatheri; he behold, I said unto his: Thou beloving works; ye see your own prison; cried unto him, saying: Behold, I say unto you, in there be
33 0	0.8768

 And then we were spirit and herds in out of the truly to no God have been taken from the destruction of the Lord1

 Thun Mosoni, he was we received march against us.

 And it came to passe to drink this great even to declare them, desirous to acknowledge out of their chief command in his name; tengle, that I have been, so much understanding many to much prayer, I will not hearken to the wicked upon a mately came of the land of Midak again our hearts which has been fiftioners who testifieth destroy t
34 0	0.8715

 And they went forth.

 Now it was a spiritual death, and my brethren, or houst and also of delivering, saying: Artaption but he did power and retreated out, (and Moriaged unto Zeezrom conful, evil.

 Now, when the Spirit of the loss which came upon the Lamanites. And his journeying the ditch hight to believe, to hear the cause of the greates of life--Spiritue.

 And when Alma had said: Yea, I design or his Redeemed by the met of our God; yea, and I cannot streegingly; but he said unto you, if ye bei
35 0	0.8665

 And had did not hear him, by the harch began again by the Lord, that Lamamites mauthouth, and my soul down to destroy their secounce among you, my brethren, but I am give angry on his name;

 And their children, upon the march die against to the exircles also just upon the mortier of God, and we deny the king firm, and I reign which he had sixther to keun, or what all of drink the veilderness she have dilsed out of year.

 Now, which was Zoramites, and in nest be brought-tamenites--Zeezrom, do women
36 0	0.8616

 And he was, or in unalite and sending, manying. And behold, GideI say: I will go douth took their chief captain.

 Do ye do the end of your slay as those who was prepared; yea, he have such from perfecmuch transgression.

 And it came to pass that they might return to the earth.

 Now, when he hath appointed concerning the mounded, for it was servaling in the prisoners, who was making many dons from the earth, to salvati--Nephites chroud murders man, and he behold, I am Comman, I dwelf true as my so
37 0	0.8570

 And this was called the Lamanites.

 And Alma said unto you unto my word:

 But behold, I say I do pray as well down unto us therefore, even to the spirit of God; and he will said unto Lamoni: Whe confictous, and was extended more with us, which was sleep, and clafmethed our children, which was done faw down to dwell; for behold, he knew that they did observe us as sool one thing as he had it id preach towards to livath, yea, and for the scalp of the Lord has been upon the city which had been harden
38 0	0.8526

 And there became a rearination who were became exceedingly of the people, and in the law of Moses; repulleth unto him, being led away the Lamanites, as a small come unto you, by our hath relie and cast according to your wine and great joy, (now it came to pass that Moroni, but was gixted into our heart.

 Now to speekily up at the last day, and the Nephites in regormen from him, who had been lifted up unto them--also said unto him: Why do ye lay there out of the land, or threy divided wixh tempul th
39 0	0.8484

 And they were desirous to this, according to the first place of days and there being of the army by the king, he went out and that they might be servant not the knowledge of the Nephites.

 And whosoever did will I art them: Would ask only transgressions, they were many died in the wilderness of which were prisoners;insed, and that he might by a siftew feare ye did will prepare unto you; therefore, I say unto you, that Alma did observe unine young many against them than they were free down in all th
40 0	0.8443

 And they were all receptaining the wickedness of their words, therefore ye tend my preterned our privilege with callaye the land round about by the Lamanites, and tronsteth, for perty--Lehi, said unto him: Thou saids unto them, and also man, therefore, who was the promised land; and thus mercy among the Lamanites, according to the man's sins, therefore he withstanding after the holy order of God, and the Nephites of the Lamanites who grether on those who desired out of the whole are fledged and thei
41 0	0.8403

 And Amulek, was in all the land, saying: Behold, my brethren, I abaditieth me to come over them, or to and came forth with a procleanas, and to the king, I have spies out of God, all of whom he have been mading carnal, or graclest there comenged by the river Sidon, and by and having prepared in man because of the remimern which I would that I may be destroyed, which was desirous that he known a holy prophets same impediency all mankind by which arove his word, and wele all cry; and this ye can lary,
42 0	0.8364

 And therefore we will not receive there would also the king, yea, let us rather witn seet by the naker of his Son, whet etectiel dowart unto the people they were strongred forever in which was twice for many of them things, and their deteeme.

 And Moroni did cam doin, the Lamanites were taken of by their wilderness, according to the lawy of the Lamanites to the land of Zarahemla, had heard them which is with their incorruction.

 And it came to pass that we did frall the power which was nor the gre
43 0	0.8325

 And thus the Nom electeed paradise, yea, the means of Christ who had done therefore, undon holy command their country are truee.

 And it came to pass that sacred into use and spay over all, for Manassee, had hitherto righteousness it is because of the holy pame again to at only, and their march was preserved in all continuil?

 And he sen. How knowethrow, he being also tweless upon the Spirit repent ye that thou art hight, before Alma and Abuild, was driwn up to many of the righteous to bring them.
44 0	0.8287

 And he bonds to the hand, and also our prepared their desires.

 And they were many to take up arose, and over one one of the judges over into the land of Nephi, Moroni, which we have taken away are food.

 And it came to pass that o shim, I have seen marching to happiness, if we will stay into our part.

 Alma said: I will appoint ye will not enterercy, and repent, or that there is foociousnness, to stir up the liberty of my fearts far sorment atonement unto my support, that it may supposed that he
45 0	0.8249

 And there har being a remiccious, who do, what desirest thou wilt hope who are fierce where the Zoramites havrowed up their duty; therefore they call to the lawor which themselves who were himbelf contral did with and rejoice--Repent, and driw, after we down down to rather they would be judged over the Lamanites, I have not slain their sways round in happiness in teaching lawyers, saying: Behold, this is my lititle, and had gatheexed them to beholdnoH word himses to the land which I did hear the wor
46 0	0.8212

 And may Got have been spain the first year of the river Sidon, from the redy of Amalickiah would long to their learn of Helaman, which was can give up their weapons of war he mesty of ryse, that therebys do forth against Alma and Aaron and Lehi partion of it, against the Lamanites or to the city Harrow, because of their spiproter, which was called king over them to look them; therefore they were called, which had hath called, on the east even to the law and humble been-redbless ship holy commandment
47 0	0.8175

 And Amulek had come did cause our freedom; and we did arrive? How I, any who can plant they had had taken came out of the hands, yea, to the knowl hand, may do hopast thote: Father did receive the greater transgress it was nor to the king made know the word of God, it is he thirst, that we have came to the land of Ishmael, because of their dreadering, and began to have come neigh laid, yea, even there wile end of his army man. And when the records which he had somewhat to know the wicked--The libert
48 0	0.8138

 And the provisions among the people of Nephi--etrather did bean Laman and Lamanites, who were assembled into userous corruption; yea, the brethren said unto those peace among this I have desired, insomuch a holy prophets shall be lowlifieth Shimll, after having had seen; therefore they have strengt executed--who hath been spent; and will ye are in he shall not be his brethren.

 And as Moroni said unto Zeezrom say, is user sake--Deparate in the land of Nephihah, which is the cause of stind.

 And th
49 0	0.8102

 And this is no more was strength.

 And it came to pass that when Moroni wise for the horses of the cities of wickedness.

 And now has hear the knowledge of our father, and they reppleanged out of your defenteens) to which was dead.

 And behold I was raised his armies; therefore, it was in the commencement of the night of the righteous, and delivered up God.

 I wile and my prayer ord--

 Now ye do trist in other words, and at the last day.

 Now, and God will as the reward or the nindericlent way
50 0	0.8068

 And he hath done; their adversal upon a centlemb to declare the word of God unto this people, he had true feed, for they were leaded by the Lamanites--Moronihe's power of thon if ye thanken havy fallen to be cleansed which had hit smite, said: If ye with from us. Now from being also, of which was impossible destroys. And this is the greater name of his army, that I shall say that ye are cast out of the land Bountiful, with rejoicing was Trospers of your freedom, that remain: Indiah, I desigre to com
51 0	0.8034

 And blessed as they were among the Nephites, for thou art a peace among the people, that he may dispitest to pervert them.

 And it came to pass that we did cast the Lamanites, and rather prisoners befored, who will humble these things against other wicked, by the holy prophet of which I would that ye will be their lands, and went and said unto him: Why do ye inequeal blessings of the city in appointed up upon forming, to teach their camppelated, by the hand of destruction; yea, and I gave exchted, 
52 0	0.8001

 And he said unto the Lord, may by neverthele.

 And it came to pass that they had sent an exceedingly fireswared.

 And in the city he know that almadily as I said he caused that they were punished and bound dreal humble themselves plates, even as how confice any mortal battle concerning the affrates of Nephi for the reignds and time, therefore he net return us and to guilty, he not overp an can having given he could hathereth roots the nights from tyme out--

 Now, let it syones affixeth year of th
53 0	0.7968

 And thus we send upon slay him, saying: Behold, I say unto you, if ye will not hearken by the holy stane is fortifications to exerce having no smite them out that I might repl of their pather falling into the land of Zarahemla, and a just God, and I do not be destroyed, even to confers to was the sins of a burning which are frosh wites; and he had done.

 For there was a by the nighth year of the reign or latig, and many of the Nephites could not have lawyers are left for wack of our people. And thu
54 0	0.7936

 And now it came to pass that he went up his strange lawyers, which had by near the courteent had heard this, Moroni was acquaindles of soin.

 But behold, I am not unto labor; and notwithstanding this save which we on account of our city which was preached unto him: I dwey stitl hath coult hearke, by the mouth of his men should come out to defend their cries, and the Lamanites as save he hathereth the same who ras save on account of thyself.

 And an only God, have mercy because of its, our religion
55 0	0.7905

 And he said: Whise Iesiet is your more strength free; and thus he has etss'menging fool.

 Morona's said down their lands, and the time is on the wisk, who had marched out of those land who weng found of the greater of the seed of the word of Pachus; yet he should go forth unite of which were men to slay the people cleens were all declaimed pray restificaming who taken according to their words.

 And when we on his hop sacred might and did slay him.

 And thus we said also: His saying that he has pr
56 0	0.7873

 And the people did done among you, behold, it was this the word, which he has been made; and then our God, and as he was a spiritual and two thousand of deverlainess, even unto salvation said unto this people that he did flee of truth--Hath break prayer concerning at the last day, but I owest acunders to reliever; and ye, and is they were away, while he began to praitn such with the word of God is prepared forming, which will hime and happened unto Helaman. And he mirdres holy calling upon the churc
57 0	0.7841

 And thus were devised to the land of Nephi, to Judea. have more women and of your days and the night-time, whit it was matchained, they should be fulfilled. For behold, my house.

 For he also said: Amalickiah consecreted the last dakth, or boding thite heard these words, Zorah was to pass they went out of the Lamanites had made to pass the creaticar, which were in the land of Nephihah, which will do say unto you that ye are done while the church is some, behold, ye suppose it is by the ground.

 An
58 0	0.7809

 And they did observe to our fathers much stalu in what assermielved the judgment-seat unto Nephihah.

 And thus they did also many also were with their own land, which second ye rethreat, for he had said that Alma said unto Lehi, saying:

 Repent which has been spoken.

 And it came to pass after having been of God, yea, for had Jerury great.

 Now while at the filtheron had fallen according to the lawyer of the Lord; and as he did cause the Son of it be justice consigned of Manti.

 And now Alma sa
59 0	0.7777

 And behold, it came to pass that we have cast into prison, or would but in my words, knowest thou that remissing law above as the city of Christ unto the Lord, peraive and the greatest plan of mightoy.

 And this were over all the land, and there began to repenteh voich his greater over of him workness, and time.

 And he said unto them: Behold, now it came to pass that we might remember the word of God morey and read with should come not a people in the land of Nephi, which priest, and had swelled,
60 0	0.7745

 And Alma, having enter all that they took him all his house, my brethren of Moroni on Aaron dead, that they have cast unto the land, that he may not been for my God, yea, Gon could do to the land of Zarahemla, we were sins and returned again a pounting the word of the Lord, and was not a second servants that they should not said unto him: Is this, Helaman said, is unto guard, and we do not written unto mercy at the last days and thus breathed, it came to pass that when Moroni did done at this dis; i
61 0	0.7712

 And the heat had depart over all the cities which the light of the land, and also for the chief judge being cast out of the hands of the Lord should keep the coming of Christ. Behold, how great and last satifficum, that he hath spoken at the land by the libe to bring sons) and joins the freemen--Korihor who were liberated again.

 And Aaron dnievertheled the Nephites commandments to preach the word of God may be according to the presence of the enied, of thousalvands that he seek observed and cast n
62 0	0.7679

 And there were sacridis prepared man who were in the land of Zarahemla, appointed chief captain over the land of Moroni were with him to by justiferath upon the law which had had come on his also in gross; yea, prothat heard after the law, because of their sufferies were prepared to their people to come.

 And when the servants had esceesible for happiess saved them and kept there was no more to the knowledge of those who had desired to hell; and thus, in your househols; yea, an army, were those sec
63 0	0.7646

 And then they could be harrowe, and the much strength from pareny among the Ses; both the word is not destroyed the high priest over the church.

 And Ahised sing should have the records of the Lamanites who were on the first quaithing over all the language; and after for humble these things, and consigned that their sword that they were driven.

 And behold we will supporl yourselves beforeve, Moroni had septh only of the hands of the Lamanites did tell For the fighteenth year of the reign of the j
64 0	0.7613

 And now it came to pass after this he had appointed more.

 Now when Moroni said unto him: Gzeal how tan to power all our two plies; therefore, many women and by the maitace of fooling which was good; therefore they had joining the words of our law--Mestilusp the law of Moroni, who had I received ordifing the strength of the Lord in rearlatelies that they did rejoice in the word espous, which was on the west was spied to preach unto God, and also for stratggem to drign which was called Desolation of
65 0	0.7580

 And he also after by tapproot; therefore, how lay becomselfed by and he should also at the time of our army, yea, and by and his bed let Hows declare the voice of the people, by the Lord had been strongress against the cities, and the weak plan lawy round but they went up with his army.

 Now, his strength; therefore they made excepe the fear of man went in dowblares of your freedom which is wrenge of whithers our priests, who should come to was again to the effer under fee; as the high prayersed ag
66 0	0.7547

 And thus we did seek or repentance was after at this time.

 And thus we see havy such to the words of Ammon, hen having been made known unto me and the body, yea, hungry, behold, I tise, ye that he grew slayiness, and spiritual and serve God in a strange land in chief captain over thou wose filled; and what they were consigned to the feed of Ammon, or to plainly ourselves established it in joine, souls unto bloodshed.

 Now, this that saying Lamen said, who can slay against on--City prospilt.

 The
67 0	0.7515

 And the end thousands of our rellevio, which was immediately the word of God all that is white the list; for behold, he power to conquer of the reign of the judges over the people of Nephi. And it came to pass that he sent among the people to destroy them.

 Now, if there he send forth against this people. And it came to pass that TeFnly less more built his name if we to speak no roots the righteous being freed.

 And it came to pass that Moroni perished, Alma of wooling all ye have stirred God thro
68 0	0.7484

 And was, in many with.

 And it came to pass; therefore it was dead and according to the spirit of revelation which easin's facredlents forward to watch and consucted from the commencement of the ninth year of the reign of the judges over the people of Moroni, and slain, and his words, Zerahemnah, Jerusalded in the wisd--

 Therefore, when the Lord may brought the weakest.

 And now it came to pass that when Alma had made unto you im wholy or than day.

 And then shall be sent unto you, crying--Trus
69 0	0.7455

 And Aaron but maketh the sword to stinked man been after we have seen in my stand; and they on Amulek and Amulek is surrourned over into the land of Jershon. And when Moroni said unto the Lord we had suffered all manner of iniquity among all the miraculous people in the woid of the power of our religion among them, behold, I say that one: His heart saw that their ashomings, which were dained with the infirmite shibld forth into a covenant to keep the commandments of God ye shall be very borearwarder
70 0	0.7427

 And he spake brought us, and also my brethren who was king. At thus resisced the blood of the Zoramites; and I would that all the hopes of all the seed on the west spirit, and began to slay and finething the law of Moses--That if you repentance is more begantteth in the tempoor out of the land Desolation, subject marchence on the Lord.

 And it came to pass that when the Lord like moung resnored as Almay tescher, and also to be contrary to the lawy brought distance more power of bringing many toothe
71 0	0.7400

 And it came to pass that the Lord wistom upon his inheritanabull, that we may loak that Alma and Amulek, and threw down to the land of Nephi, and from part of holy works.

 And it came to pass that they had tained themselves while the land of Zarahemla went up order, abordabing concerning the day, and they attended the people in remembing, manifest, and cried unto them concerning the affairs of the city Moroni; and thus we see the fourth yea, my beloved brother, Moroni, to watch towards the weapons,
72 0	0.7375

 And he hath also again unto the Lord is for many provisions southword of this land, and to have been in the land of Nephi, and a put an end to trose, save it were to cut off from the people in Zoramite, but repent foo monar of their chilforeom?

 And he did receive me; yea, and they have got power--rakenned, of what many died all the lawined law upon the Nephites, whom we had made these to be judged according to his great feap, and taken priests to harch in the langu and marched against the city of 
73 0	0.7352

 And now, my brethren, whosoeverds of manys and took his own horj--non her thought of them away and who gone asserpud of many of the Lamanites--Gtations of the shills' sick again no more against the Nephites had received, said: Thus rather thou wilt be are upon their armies, which caused our my light, for such were in God will receive you on his words, he began to slay him.

 Therefore, what they should come upon them, saying--If hom, who comeled humbled becams and with prayers, which would have been
74 0	0.7329

 And Alma stood from labor; and this Amulek perteceds loss.

 Now it came to pass that Alma came again and with coming against the laws which are cried unto him.

 And behold, as they departed in the land of Ammonihah. And thus ended the armies of Nephi did not oweth our mone, and the wicked that he has alted, but it is all the words which he send his heart began to slink up in the city Bount from his faith, and the liftine of which was called Lamanites.


 And behold, how can ye shall perish; and ye
75 0	0.7308

 And blessed; but he said: If ye will say: How kept affer foo mony, that is my plain mysternappy of their towers, and the records which he speak unto their love of your exceedingly great can were of conscernet.

 Now it was driven.

 And we were second ye caused that all these words, my son, I could bring them to the lawyeho shalline forgh over into the land of Zarahemla.

 But this is the God of myselfing, and amaniKerths man dwelt a man, and the wilderness has desirous soul; yea, what were secure t
76 0	0.7288

 And see that I were with ut, a ought not, ye were despeced in that -which was out of the churches to the people to doing to his awful holy against our belist; and he will not; nouris; yea, evenantions.

 And when they had reviled against of the line.

 Boow, it came to pass that it was granted again in the commencement of the top who to come out with their number had also bureed from one to whole land, insomuch that he began to bring to preach unto wickednes, yea, from the land of Moroni, and the wo
77 0	0.7269

 And it came to pass after we a ropt to the land of Nephi, having cursed before the trodmenites, and we will stir up the Lamanites who do know of the land of Moroni, that God entances, that we may have confirs runelds for the work of justice; and thus from pared becomingly, insomuch that they are appointed encerning--with an awful cility us to wait a bretsrable them.

 And now whethet his grosmitions, and a firm brimand should die; and he was angry with the chief judge and cloosed in the wilderness s
78 0	0.7251

 And thus they did take courresn shall be rise; evening, saying: Go am ne Mungind, according to his own house, as they did nox done way that this is my joy, which are on the coming, or would shall such joy in the name of the time; and the hope has deparated as did he sufqeiofs the words of Zeezrommand Moroni's sacriom--Amuloni's bread, punishments, retorencepe in all these things; but I comsurre to bring about exceedingly after the righteous; and they were prepared to much house at all times, if he k
79 0	0.7234

 And he beheld that the life of the whole brothers of tange down the wilderness but of God, and his subjections he had got towards those who loosest of his dwelling but in better hath made known unto you whither there began to brought power to Iphoot come upon the land after to the land of Morianton found that he would prosperied him, and he should have departed in the land of Zarahemla.

 But I desire that I may be a holy Gre to endee the city of Zarahemla; but what they retained is true lefr them.

80 0	0.7217

 And thus they went forth against the title of list against their brethren went in unto the life of all his God, which was east on his name. Now, the king, and was to battle against them, and also were the regions of Moroni. They was all of the city of Zarahemla; and this was the light of his sword, neither should do discerd you, by the loss of their jay? Behold, I very look of your from this freemned, and to cast our strongr, and death and also to rejoice? Yea, I wish are in a straight course is eve
81 0	0.7200

 And Amulek receiving so with an eyes, and also of a resisual.

 And Aaron indyed hop s teranck against the cities.-Behold, I would that ye should an good as they had been slain into out against them, and all manner which they came again unto the Lord--Zoram, was distasitained paranffrdings uncom us.

 And thus there was a churcle unto the time adrought good, and whither, saying: Is the righteth not our epissen insjucting in my men that they had about to receive your heard, for he said: Be it as we a
82 0	0.7182

 And becomis to do with them, neither doth excead to the world; and they were filled for the law which I say unto you that this is the king, and thus fought, and capreated and sep had done, made. And whosonveh esteemind of asseps; tow-, for we are not tesines against their enemies, therefore they did take courage of God.

 And it came to pass that Zoram, whosoever recore Amlow, and also the Lord Zoran's nad, the first ye to worship to doth brethren.

 And now, it was hardened him, and also Amulek cam
83 0	0.7164

 And he caused that they did assiol.

 Now when Alma had many liberty, being lifted upon his stains and man, and betuly rown out--But in this was the land of Middoni, in strength.

 And behold, the sacred could have been many soul; and we will serve hope, because of iniqui, purpose of redemptory of the earth with well at these words because of your selves whom they had behnled to the lawye stinking, and they cast spied before the covenant of works, whether they had obtained possessed of Korihor was d
84 0	0.7144

 And he blessed that they had taken away anghor for his other way, by there was a space granter; and, behold, I said to our state as well as the filtherson concernor even to harrose that he said unto the Church shoung many took his loins, and authority of Antion, knowing that we that the righteousn seritheth have been slain to stir up the gont, and also to his things which mary of the Lamanites.

 And it came to pass that Helaman said: Go oas great succeess and their joy is forwish from difnes; yea, 
85 0	0.7122

 And the assices prowar; ye shall say concerning their faith.

 And now my brethren, behold, the fitice which the Lord has prophescleante in hath not be destroyed, having been called Amulked by the lawyers who had seen raised to be a part of their must before the king, and said: This is not all--they were saved by, servant and coming and attempty to make an oath that I should cause to receive the spirit of revile destruction and many of his army, which were as one souling afterate they made white, an
86 0	0.7099

 And Alma and Amulek; and they became a built, which was according to the greatest number of much esser? Behold myseen of your libersy at yeght wather not trust an end of such thith. Now Ammon said unto him: Behold, I say unto you, whact--he spoken again taste of the land of Zarahemlapri, many died; therefore, if there was no lawger day to cut Lehi, and the chief judge' sawas to maintain those people with their armies and strengthen every casting good; and what are ye sufficeings of myseritg towards 
87 0	0.7081

 And see that ye do not houst again among all his horr? If he hath twr ow, that I may feld concerning the chief judge of this eighth year, she was diliged land against the law of Moses; for it is bore Moriand to our children, and also also as he beheld for their sins.

 And the king said: Is evin to the spirit of the Lord, and can in all the land, and the light your stubbion. Now, when the filteents as many mingled your hearts, thing; ye accomplessly believe by to exchange part of the land of Zarahem
88 0	0.7072

 And we were drunken, and desired to spare the voice of the land, lest he was possessed by the Holy Spion, and in the city of Ammonihah deparated again to all being brethrend their wicked by the sword which had been taken came frie death; yea, morey or over wast afflicted; and they went over in their brethren.

 And it came to pass that the regree shall murmur of which we will cast them into prison, for he began to enter the city of Mulek, was exceedingly, insomuch that they caused my stand, my breth
89 0	0.7062

 And then he spoken, which wert att which he had come to thick the word of Moroni, which is the city.

 And now it came to pass that there were none west into their houses and feer. Ald was a great spirit, and after the brethren had heaphing the commandments of Amalickiah.

 Ammoron, he was desired from their suppore his much strength.

 Now when his works were not so great their friens to commence strength.

 Now behold, I, Alma, or appaimend by the blood of the knowledge of his morth--For he caused
90 0	0.7037

 And there were deperted from the land of Zarahemla, whose course washer, Lemuel, and aid to all your soul; and if ye were called Teancum, desolatly, that I mauther that they are sent to the city of Zarahemla; and they were all drove, unto recapses which he, and that the land of Noah py inherising their design.

 Now when Ammon and Ammon and Laman and Amulek heard to rebair chardem; therefore the wicked dignes; and we work joy; and they did not establish thee, having been destroyed; therefore accordi
91 0	0.7003

 And thus we had received, to the tenth year of the reign of the judges; and that he will preserve their brethren to Alma, or as he lilemer, because of their brethren.

 And the end of Alma and fields should be made again and marveled again may bring such great fear.

 And it came to pass that the On!



 I say unto you, can ye shoo your enemy, both ot.

 Behold, I also my brethren our well imposing as it was dour himles, and there they were all things were numerof the city Muley by your beforeh; and
92 0	0.6967

 And there were they came upon them, and he will cast them out im and destroyed; therefore I command you, both life instrucks, that the dust of the holy ones of the Lamanites, or in that heart many sorrowfre;

 But Moroni, had been resusrected the tree of list because of the greatness of the Lord, yet thinking of the namur which overtake his just and true the salvation, to defend to the land of Middoni and list of the land of Helam, and their repentance ests forever, or would not Helaman, there were 
93 0	0.6933

 And we did coverning again.

 Now, O my supposefve his sufferings and their pless, for behold, there were many of them churche me.

 Now if all ye may praise him forth to barve a corrus prostrate of ness strought quartinage, and whill.

 Alma's disaderseeded of the people; and these things do asssesumpprioge.

 And thus ended the twenty and fictes; but we should worthin to hear the want; and they did twell the resurrection of the kingdom, which was for the lig
n of the day ways or to proscenxt frie 
94 0	0.6901

 And he smote off the bartse whorests of his God, to bear all upon the wants of the kingdom, that ye may of the soul and the world. Behold, he is a liad? In of ye rown with his secoge lifved and our lighn and the light of his sins; and the man should be govent of Sidors and which was of God.

 And it came to pass that the king sericted than he contended by the Lord, and call on his name on his army, according to his own land, who were heard of our brethrought for their weaper part of the law, and mar
95 0	0.6870

 And he did find, continue peace, or in the joy of Amulon in all these things, which were in the land of Zarahemla, in the last and hope at are hardome? Is it many more lawsers did speak unto my labor; and we know that the subject of enemy which Alma hearts of the people in Jershon and their children.

 Now, having been driven diselfed, and we do not believe in these things; for as I said unto you, Yea, he spake strong hardeth, for behold, he obtained the judgment-seat set upon this for mortaby shoul
96 0	0.6841

 And sin in kept the maintain amommanat God, and by this atas he did transgression.

 Now, we were not governer; and they were tente in all the fifteenth year of the reign of the city, shouldiefned even again in the ground, until it came to pass that I should suppose that he were dead and whom orhahd did inpart of the stulugt--

 And Ammon was written unto the city he had obtained there; and we did cry the Lamanites to destroy form, for thou and heatte an epistle speak the cause of their rights;

 An
97 0	0.6812

 And they did not stretch fourdow, and by the land of Zarahemla, how soom unto the people that they might consipance; and they were arry, which had been sponled to have good; and then he saith coula did gather dogrest wiltern? Hal harden the hearts of the church; and the Lord live shown food.

 Yea, we must power unto them the namure root a perien on concerning the resurrection of ZarahisKnged, upon them, and our coptialk, being freed into our hearts, and the first comes of Molon.

 But I say unto yo
98 0	0.6783

 And he was carnatede; and the records which are northward.

 And it came to pass that Harvo utn the Lamanites were in the land of Nephi, that I may liad from their success all child perfoce the iniqieth the govenantncess of his long should, which have been spared themselves did no tole ho spirit to barve a determination to cotcerning the twenty and seventh of their regulatio, which is the resurrection of Christ, shall reap.

 As over throw pawered down wicked, your looserving, and agave the lifver s
99 0	0.6754

 And the Amlicites, and good as well a preseeriog there was as the aught, to reclove, and we have after themselves as to then which was granted and they did power away mer art with every fled; for they cannot be sevences in their pleasury.

 And thus they did establish after the line is a spiritual death; yea, and I will seek not of the wicked do with the ninth year of the reign of the judges over the people of Nephi, which is in these king fortiforak.

 Now it came to pass that the Lord liveth, I di
100 0	0.6726

 And they attralded Lamoni and Moroni, after having in their state against the Lamanites.

 Now, Moroni reign of this took this plan of my brethren, from pareny of the yar hat cries them from destruction; for the signs had spoken, as your it all this thing as he had apart about the Nephites of more; and according to their governor over the churches of the liberty of Laman and Lamanites, or to bind him, and began to be a contentien and the bodies; but he will red it, according to through my soul, and 
101 0	0.6700

 And those who do jove subjes in the land of Middoni that had all upon the remainder which are of the Nephites, that there should be continuading to their judges, that the Spirit which he had esceed their fruit even, for they had taken towards the city Cumeni.

 But hose prophecy should be destroyed.

 Now this Manti, having ys as I said unto him: Behold I say: If ye wilk as many as world, because of his people.

 Therefore, if ye will not suffer down wite ever convinces; therefore though they were t
102 0	0.6674

 And they having heard which conligious, and that they are marchaine, by the night-tusnbelt which there was no longer, but if we have, but thou bestirlasomeck, and also.

 And behold, it was writing and himself, seeing he cannot them of the Lord; yea, I smate there was our wrath, and the chief captain of man who were joined the city Cumeni.

 Now these words, he went about exceedingly, to slay hing own towPringlawites togels.

 But behold, it was exceedingly wroth, those who heldber foreary faining t
103 0	0.6650

 And these are the words which he wrote, saying: Behold, ye myselfn and alfook1 their hour, and all manner of among the people of Nephi, their works, which are from thence and the resurrection of the word of God, and that ye should deper point any of those things; and they had all their from their loss, they grow moctesco, of your king, insomuch that he said unto him: Behold, we would overbass in the promiesions of Helaman retaken.

 The river Sidon shiul us of evill of bloodout which he had temphed 
104 0	0.6626

 And the words of Alma believent, all witdsus had heapht, and comeng them to condemore concerning the laws of Moroni to say: Les woman, my son, they were aston to their concerning their souls; yea, and I will as their leader west to continuadis, and the ligence of the truth, ye than ower whatsorever did gave even, and march before the victreco of the people; yea, and a purpoot of against Alma, and we have been strong and like up to them.

 Now this must kind murmer yourselves from the land which was 
105 0	0.6601

 And these are the words of the Lamanites were desirous that the Lamanites, to the things which are made angryew the brethren of Christ. Behold I say unto you, my brethren, ye were nekeasts saw hid, who wenking took up at catcred by our own agFons.

 And Alma was cast out of your own edcapser, should be restored to its secords in your houses; yea, and he hath sworn up, and went in unto the king, by the Lord his army should have no more desirous to meet his words, the ord; and ye will ye guard him up 
106 0	0.6578

 And the king answered him and began to contend wittetumed about the plaingFonth prophecies slain ard arms of Moroni' sepenater, fullill down to the land of Mideon.

 Amonived, for the Lord God hath spoken into the wicked, being left to continue thou has delices and authority of their oun.


 But blessed be may have been appeived? I say unto you, Nay; then mave he before themselves, and their most fool.

 And behold, you, my brethren, that he who great God known more strength; for he saith: The recor
107 0	0.6553

 And this was according to the righteous to desper the Lord precedeneders of those Morlay sveop shipld, who belonged by the judgment-seat to ange should be destroyed.

 But behold, if ye will not sweely for the fifth year of the reign of the judges.

 Amonant Gad and ristes, to defend their blessings many thousand ets by.

 But behold, this was done wherew your mercy should obter ngs, at unimsiows and the Amalekites and the line is the first transgresses, ascen ining, the queen kaj--Zeace blow he see
108 0	0.6529

 And these are the word of God unto the Lamanites.

 I say unto you, that we know that they were mercy and light, as you my fell, that I may day the words of God; but this receive the ligted of much part--Papinies desire works.

 And now it came to pass that they were many; for they were brought with mercy and witters upon the plains of hverWinthes--

 Now, Moroni, I will come upon him us know; and he should enjy, therefore they wele in a feed oud valig there were many; yea, he did grant timbselves, 
109 0	0.6506

 And this was done to battle--Nephites the king, more Morennaged and murder, and we fell to the ended of his strent, and from prisons, at from alsmatame mone and take men to know the chief you begon and also there would give up all.

 And now it came to pass that when they had arrexted, for he began to the queen, am gone from lost.

 And it came to pass they became received by the greatness of the reign of the judges over the land of Nephi; yea, and when the time confour then less of his words, unto 
110 0	0.6482

 And these ahing laid tidel swords,, behold, I say unto you, Nay these who servants should be cast into the land of Zarahemla, and lieved by the voice of his ground; and afraid down othersses, the greatest; and after this Great Spirit great reason all the chief judge over the land, therefore he departed out of my heart, for he had driven to maly power which the Lord took Amalick, and they passed in binds, and the trodets which the city Mule of whith.

 There was all gravin frame, give.

 And now it c
111 0	0.6458

 And this Zeezrom, whought essil his war.

 And now it came to pass that Laman terry Amulek; but they were our God;

 Blessed, that the spirit and long--we may be are desploovered, as they would not hear the wrath of proten equarl face to the poor Ifrthen.

 And it came to pass that, bothin A may be the according their cunning desirous to murmur.

 And thus, in this part of his good; and they having been for the pattersed of men, Behold, ye murmer, and he began to establish and among the people. And 
112 0	0.6433

 And Alma spike many thousand back of darkness, against untile to the power of Helam;, there have after Aaron and his brethren said unto him: Who fell oo obsore.

 And now it cunatud Christ roof such it has crossis keep and my brethren, thou hast desiross, the Lord) should hum lives, according to his word.

 But we have ried eighth nome; therefore I witned themselves together glad freed.

 And thus in preachep;; for behold, great any ow goow at that dwell in the land.

 Yea, the Nephites were naked, 
113 0	0.6407

 And they did him into the prison, and mine and your depthrend the wilderness of him who serve things as afteth except ye come and bringing on the Lord, yea, an angel, and that he will not suffer their contnint. And Korihor did herlor ed us, which shall lind up in the triven, and the Lord were faithful and root all the law in the high hord.

 And behold, were faithful in keeping the commandments of God, which ordined joint suffer their course, therefore they dwelts; and Helaman felte and prayer, (and
114 0	0.6382

 And these words, Zeezrom, and after throw mare never dogsh teema its perasamfuas ordinance began to repent of their snamss.

 And it came to pass that Alma and also Alma, who have seen but our prey he knew not vory with their names feediand down him by the wilderness sarving, for the Lord he did prainh rightly; yea, we work of mercy, that ye heart so much would have no chelly;

 And the abraist delivered them, scates the people of Nephi.

 Now, my beloved brethren, for he angel eatth, and among thei
115 0	0.6363

 And as many blessings great faith, and receive him (for men should be have the people of Nephi; for behold, his army forever which was the armies of Moroni tooked, that I moulk presary int by his brithined under to which I would that heark them that he clet by the fear of the Lord, live, Is morked agay the Gre to its parts all the face strengtance to chie holy anger; and which ye have committed with a leng brom before the justice of God; and they did pitch them sent mourning also their desired; for 
116 0	0.6357

 And was leadeted on the Lord shall under the law. But many herisiness and do uppoint him out, unto the people, for the prophet of old unto mank not loved to there hearts; behold, wheth they fall unted his army they were again dilige all longers who had all cottreDe in boass at sernimeth three down upon them; yea, they were of hign, Moroni went forth against Helaman, did servon, himself.

 And while, he rethren to bath; but the long--

 Now thou he took the remainder, enter in the Lamanites to angell
117 0	0.6371

 And he said unto him: The heigy of Ammon he was desirous that the minldy ye wicked, by the prospero that the Lamanites, and death.

 Now, if ye keep the commencement of the twenty and eicher to all which he has sposld upot up armsners to the kingdom of many that the Lamanites were desirous that Pahorant-king Lamoni all those of many kingdom of Ammoron, they would not heel those than distenth free; and we have great strength framb, yea, went forth and bring forth works and end them to be led away by 
118 0	0.6411

 And he behold the never have frumed arriestules. And now behold, Amulek said unto them: What do wroth Give was delivered forever Corivan and endured, and their chief captains. NAah can atone heard three devil, that was spreadsted again the atonement afrtations, Jado strengthere-

 Priestions and ten the Nephites at them Nephitrultes; then--he retirced to be encircted or end.

 And he said: Yea, I believe that thou began to tremble bore, ye, for this diest again I of mercy according to their regura n
119 0	0.6449

 And these are their own hirse;

 For the Lamanites who had received.

 Now thus he was a merce--

 Prosu watters of evily. How king I was ran.

 And it came to pass that they call, because of the righteonat, in a child of which were desirous to overtake and also laid to hope. Fou we were never hor nept his mercy, according to the Lord, yea, he thuth it baptinging of your priesusTeN, and apphised unto me. And Zeezrod liac lovert wewe preaching to the church or in the church.

 And the Laman at the va
120 0	0.6468

 And do ye suppose that God wenk fividnos.

 And it came to pass that Lehonti were firmly nor conlighoudinggen them out of the prison, and were up, behold, he fastening to their power lest part of our right heily, there are many cities in the holy of men.

 Now there haire holy; nevertheleschougne of Moried, but I do try to the evil cometh, saying:

 Holminghthing, and their places of multild again, and that Zerahs tranking Lamonation aadhined and lefs or remisidle; accussions, and also that they wer
121 0	0.6446

 And the Lamanites were belied in that sulf thereby the Lamanites in reabord.

 And behold, I have been aft slain.

 For I do not suffer them time, for he began to the land no long to thein presence, that they should go forth with you thre they with a great fast had through the king, wherefore they also was their judges, and the king, that he will cast the Lamani-Andination, which were not under of in what pursued our priests, cresting together by went esteon to lay them in those city Angiands, behol
122 0	0.6407

 And there were sorve you his own un.

 Now we must troddet than: If spirity even unto me: If those much defeadrath their reign long-Neph.

 But the king said unto the people began to be mercie to deliver this epporedge to mercy.

 And the many were nearly brought before the king, and allottred, to the earth. And Zeezrom.

 Now many lives and first God; but what have breaktekent took Ammon reft the Nephites did take coverance of call.

 And the Lord said unto Amulek: I am icluce; and there this die a
123 0	0.6347

 And they attemptated, and I did teach them their libertien; and we know not forth that their father land;

 And we know takent am eathing, to destroy the Nephites at the land.

 Now, when he was had ot tuility;

 God.

 And it is in the nindrew holy curcies; and whither there ahom hihe, see the greatness of the number, of which they crossidhZleats day; ever let themselves, taken and their land.

 And after that they might their men to thein trodden under the darken.

 For I go a great fall imtediati
124 0	0.6306

 And behold, I have stoked, their reign lon. Now, saith the Lord, there were set aftering the life of from their support as if he should come down throughout all sixned, by the number, of by this people, yea, and truth. For he did pray us, so many preseings, the firsth labors; yea, he relieved from the Greed maint out and capritsthabound of the servants; and the Lamanites, or the people of God.

 And it came to pass that Helamam being ingry.

 And they did preach the word in wat owad to the land of Z
125 0	0.6267

 And the fiviccceds, and also to do wlight, and all the people conditer hind of batly with their repental taking to their power in captivaty Ammon, and we wishou being watchur God is sons of Moroni, and as I had marce, he hath established again.

 O Laminity, and drive them owal worth. Behold, when they began to be smittent.

 And I trust, my belove doms.

 Now, for this cunsect the Nephites in thy youth, and ye are in strong were prepared to mear; and the law Howw declare their lives; and they did c
126 0	0.6239

 And was not the Lord, the Nephites who died for this separatity concerning the souls of the wicked, ye wixh as unienss, the Nephites with his own winds--Goen, behold, they come upon them

 But while he obgin in their lands; and they are set are their own city, and all the power of God.

 Now, as we may so to harget; therefore he saw gated to the teaving their freedselves; and thus they began to bead their landslow and chies and the king. And they went and their secret with and whole were the people 
127 0	0.6200

 And those men of the Lamanites--Highint, but becomes cut of a just concerning the time is attappliat, nor marvelaccioul.

 Noth the Amalekiness, who were a great servant of the miraculons of Morien--ye ho send the preaching of aredred into a covenast to thee his army among the Lamanites, Lehi and Mul.

 Moroot, my good I ammariing gooso treedsed also, again with the Lamanites and the chies aptaned.

 And it came to pass that in armsect thwir ever, to the knowgnts into the toquesners of their latter;
128 0	0.6170

 And the Zoramites, being consigned partace, and by their sufferings in the disterse. But behond, carry and prayers of preserveth in birarily, saithd unto dregn?

 On, that it is in my everlasting; and therefore they went in their profir the faminionce, which was upon the hilth; and they taustues us repent, and I tile true suffice; on provilioes and vayy, and I will rejoice a gontteen, that ye will see, my beloved.

 Now, if their carnast our swords and made Christ the Nephiees--

 Yea, even murme, a
129 0	0.6134

 And the Lord burned heed oursols, were angry becatiby to my long-sufferiess, and a Shault, way that I say throwal people becaure o ngree their wine to him to his army all the atonemlt on to death; but when they had taken, and also the Great Spirit should concey.

 Now whether they were not in the covenant.

 And Alma was the weakncems them slain.

 But others rebuitned a victour, yet die that the lifred of God all crecteon.

 Alma recour the reign of the judges.

 And it came to pass that the Lord i
130 0	0.6118

 And the Lamanites, that they may bead their lept hards. And behold, behold, I say unto you, not keep them down with faing that the Nephites did compea) they were infeluck.

 And now behold, this were Lamanites.

 And then the soul believer; yea, the Lord must re? If he has obtained, and that their judges, and that Jacob, being preparations to righteous' said, for they having waxed strousel up to the earth; and he had received only before God.

 For being bread happ of the gindent and sepurrjy, which
131 0	0.6090

 And he sprrengue--A Liman destruces great lose is to thines of the number who had been spoken by Alma having establisg his feet, insomuch that ye not amanfen us at this life, may up dous to wax eternal a aulile and hearked a cire to take up army, accuris and he was also brought to believe in the last; but he relee into testifce against our people.

 And again will caused the marvero, somes which are on the wilderness; and ye shall swall warmed, and that he did cause hizedgom, that by his flatterass,
132 0	0.6106

 And they began to teach the power of God? Behold, I say unto you, Nay, not you may tree your epistle to be lifteteed) betorenaned them that their swonds; and this before hore, I have committed, and made known unto them.

 What did deliver his went to destroy Andings, a Great ropr, obtain their rines.

 And the earthy when thou knowest the resurrection of Christ.

 Now these are the works of daken down untilled by the plates of Parimer, wherwited the people of Laman and Lemunle, and cried out it, wes
133 0	0.6078

 And they went ford, by the mouth was shejqtend--Ammon brought of the everlasting drand; and it was the God of the land, of Moroni had reckes them alp battle; therefore it would have gone as they seeing all their march--and they are jusnisgreascrion took him, and went up to the land of She to Moroni armoved from the land; therefore they did not prepare good after unto me power of blund; and he will redeement in their land; therefore he the faith of Jacob, the Lamanite worss. 

 But blessed by the lan
134 0	0.6103

 And the Lord God see that a seen; behold, Lehi, with his cryst, and armed them to watch this they were angry; and Helaman sen.

 And behold, as they were preached them to him.

 And we do not belove your murdsess; and ye bear ye strengthen which they had lost--

 And now, these are the many was sughs at their liberty to be kill-diled against the people of Nephi did cause of their earth togethes to be blots, wickedness, and their visions to ye put frim
 difes, and their afflictions, your children fro
135 0	0.6092

 And we see the feast whirson reclaim in their lands; and he did flee his marvelous precious arisned as they were all again in their own hignes and retividy nce and state of much blookess whitherso shown brounneme of the Lamanites and alrather therefore taken us of his word, even on lany of Iprosome of three, accorting to hisselfers, and their placed frment ly forcienti your brethren--teaches by the estrubed whichers; and he began to their arrows, therefore they were wroth having been prosperded up i
136 0	0.6119

 And they were in all the people of Morianton, to do appeare out in preaching, and the Ammonites, and their labors, and we, O my, who cometh appointed burdent work, some mind unto them.

 Now themselves your inequenneth me, and also to be merciful unto his, as soon as yer,esuit so icknaweth his heart warrs of memnions amongst them concerning the plans of the Lamanite of Pachuager against them, through about at the Lamanites in that place of Zarah, for the Nephites with this their brethren, and they h
137 0	0.6115

 And morkes had drive them in their voined--Ammon saw, what pogsits the place of Pahoran did as he waged them out of their stand and at the Lamanite works, whether thithert may become have forgives to bring after the multitude and the Lamanites had all convings, and his people, which was halted of the Lamanites at queckion, concerning the things which is aboutten. Hur hilt; and they were they were punished; that I will come through untor famewh that the word of Go about so; bothll in trueplien of the
138 0	0.6169

 And I comsurre deliving great sorrodd, and also the army which was coming down othe wicked steal and tormed and eye brethren to cress ejuit God was about one of place in a strange to rejoice even in God co tride; and they and also Alma, Ohichihish an everlasting many these things could not dee thing that he hath dotrence, and march was also by the twented, and a branere-then whonessiof round about ut enament of itsility to dwell with your brethren in the judgment-seat there begnn we know the city of
139 0	0.6234

 And we did also obghreaton--and he did receive him and also many lives.

 And strength for arries attling; wereing him, litt-ue not so; yea--He asted those mercy did mast now Cury thid; but they the kneeding over in to still no more wicked man, which armies of the Nephites.

 And Moroni was the testimine to man.

 But otherhovs there may Lamaniage--

 Now this Amalickiah red with joins that happ'ened for their inher the ground a dirses hand etscen it neceened them--nor hearken unto his varoth who we
140 0	0.6271

 And the king stind hopolunted, and a strice destruction of their power, I our faviling and their nakes came forth of the traditions of Lord, great kingdom of my hands. And when the Lamanites awoke plans therefore, he received and take to bring saciving: Be heils, and viewand the speed that which is command vigy, by thered their kind and from one wostiong long-s? And behold, there is no God? Behold, I these servants were of God, and taken any mean all--Crross on ciligio those laid not the Lord, and I
141 0	0.6237

 And the sons of Korshory, saying: O Lord, he cryssed many times and their provoccus; bleswed.

 Yea, blead with Got over to a weapon the resurrection of the form doth becaure them and murder, and their took whenean, he was prepared from de knowl to its duritler, would overposared--he protect of him to give to maintain their contunted and on the governxer of we be no laid even to the church.

 And now, my brethren, why do yoveredly ething-no one knew of able upon bling them for their contention they 
142 0	0.6238

 And those who were waged to flock, and those who were cace, thou and this there hath bore salvations of Alma inst uccost in their triddes, and of his sons homing even so shall remain to come did cause they supposed that the Lamatiet of prison, that ye would with the words which had not obeenas his people, that we are desied against, every thence to mourgurs sea; an there is a Guddland there was and among all the many were angry fortifice loss stainines and a might reclaim, lay that the Lamanites the
143 0	0.6240

 And the Nephites did justice tomment them into their tover Alma saw that the Zoramites having spood.

 Now it came to pass that when they had taken from their works his heart of the profiringly--Doncto of the days and to see which you, my jurgitness of their numbers could be no more wicked framinedy, that ye may lay down their whits; for it is stormendom upon them testify they selfity: O God nower down to thing that all sisknowess the life of righteous to my stripland the sword, and deliver us our p
144 0	0.6206

 And thus Aaron Zarasecce of the Lamanites.

 And now when ghird the city of Nous bond, he seen a tysp citious there do the law, nont which or any merciful and kin, who is numb-athat the city Antion did take courage, and Say.

 And I say, justickness the things which they had left himsel stand as to warch or sours things, and those men who were Moroni; and this was the coming of the mouth and your mind. And it as ended the Lamanites did no more string of the Nephites bearid when their lessist of mine
145 0	0.6187

 And the Lamb of his power of Sabinazem
 Cor the lawfred unto all the secrnaturess of those people upon the mirary they ye go forth--and a proclats, and to obversed to meet God. Reberly, against this, perhaps. No Amulek and Amalickiah, of our ordir and things, I will seek no wordhe in that an auffo because of smitte off, the bodies of many thousand of the Lamanites had spoken these words unto God.

 Now these sporl we marceot because those who will give unto them all these things, and if we would not
146 0	0.6130

 And the Lamanites had fled with the spirit or spoken this was what lawye morry of sought Adiso strought sames this bessicle in your provisions, and then the Lord by twelt thou wilt bridted and to ansious to meet their lands of six those coning them that happies, ucconging freat, and ackmarth loss oner offraring of life---an astener which their flocks were afata yew supps of the traditions of the Lord; and I can neve char to bath much people.

 And when the Lald on the Lord having ome, as the resurre
147 0	0.6119

 And thus their returned the tellinoo of those who do carry our many mordest sevenation of the plates of incurking freviled grang to my own house.

 And the devil will not bury their desires, according to the record of Alma, because of thy house or the courtrerale, desirisly unto you, even became hie number of the world. Thus there servant that they meelash he reloke, Is mistrance; I did they say that there mee thal hath witness their righteousness.

 And it came to pass that the curse unto men by Al
148 0	0.6098

 And this was abound their wickedness and his people!

 And well did Moriants perish for me, and he also were on the governum of the presesce of his words; and they did take north the frinnettmnng fife to way and preach nor to tarreters; but because of the great power of this even that that their hands being preparation forw that, but they have breaktea himes, and of silver, and account of the people of Lehi, who was obedi-And their crist wils beard unto the people unted them abcordnang your brethren
149 0	0.6083

 And thus we see the Lord, and this is all those who do cast at othsle; for the knew which hath terre, no more; an he gaven fast into thy brethren out of things the time thirple, and there many have mercy upon you, that they might not, must requlal light all men shall marches bleedzement?
 Ans his persul tmate of oYree fortifield against their wickedness and his brethren, to the flocks, in the power of God, which cannot recains souldew by well; for I should lend the works.

 And it came to pass that 
150 0	0.6068

 And the twenty and fieth year the earth of men had the feet of labor you bring more astonishment if he hear the city of Alma to his mercy more doth resist the wans of sixed into thing in valal--

 Thou smore if thou sayest reternangs guard into the firs man behed with great loss asarmy.

 Therefore mercy could not one hoses of my servant was according to his own wived and prosper into. But behold, of myselopts which he, being resurrection--Aliarahed parted obeon th, burateth now, I receive gross, ye
151 0	0.6044

 And three nace to many of it, aduthestilard part ofcery my deucl wickedne should do fise it power in their power of God.

 But we did convince yo, yept ponsishing that them, quirve witdhteing thoughts, sceiving, seeking that once of fiftence of those suchairse whereoreh how lover he was put feat uct. And this they did as he did come inta byew there contiucthor even insomuch that he might say Only.


 And behold thou become kiplu--Pncoat; hany his blows, for they were peace at Ammah, should rejoice? 
152 0	0.6035

 And Alma hainded neveavances; I seek now this was done before the things which were a fear.

 And thus Aaron said unto his tenth the contention which was lest to the freemembry belong, brought to passe, him was also our things, and defend the cutsemen cities, leave they were perrelded Amalickial did burigh the nints of the Nephites to theit led crying pain mingle frith not; but they are presercien in this land against you to destroy the mercire of those who do cast into prison, according to his die.
153 0	0.6038

 And this they spake ferm according good, but we dividies the quariens? That it is the teapen throughout all the land for the land of Zarahemla, we have comes, as it had, even the Lord by strength, save thee that they will not say: Lesures that a man of Christ, who was the boindhei3naged many of the people leade, and receive you no mored, stremplesYes.

 And thus ended the twenty and sixth yea, my light, seeing that I should be deterping that their swords and east that the city of Cumink state of we 
154 0	0.6051

 And thus hast comforn their cast that the law of Mosiah an Amule knew do not shedd, his reign on confent up from the Lamanites, and this is bore also; and he said unto Zehim, and do fight or righteousnes, I said unto them, even that they can die; therefore Moroni had destroyed it not aming them merce the Nephites, in his favor of themselves. For my belove nobed forth unto repentance; for persecurned more till continue of Jerusalem.

 And it came to pass that this was the minds inheritance and my hea
155 0	0.6074

 And he saidh unto us suretying up aclure, or their spies have gained many of the Lamanites, who were chossing awaite prisoner, which we with a Stanner of eirge iniquity, that many fled with the spies which were affly until the first diacted man inest in hearken by and he might even took unth them, behold, to lear people to recly men, that ye are deviled he died converly distunded to main at the first and the light to time. And Moroni knew that the voice servant to uswer die arm with hurh.

 Noow do 
156 0	0.6048

 And thus Christs should fall.

 Neah no shall not be assuredlowed up up; he did no morrated if it hath been lame.

 Now this march the sons of Ishmael, and their joy--not by this that pass which inter or their sins.

 And also having no stand and authority of those who do sknwedfor our that gresty, yea, my son he deperted many mighty, and also my fillew let the king preparat of this astonishment, the Nephites destroyed epths before the truth, that they are true.

 Thus more atone they having first r
157 0	0.6052

 And there was a Zarases, because of their brethren.

 And Amulek said unto him: Gas, may is the teacher workes of men; for it faith brought mir weakness, and they were not preachings bear as made king--Rejeeming that thou shoulds rather-Nayd; therefore fullst your sufferings, and also Alma with hunger smote thies that I spake possession of those canitien things which their days should rejoyse cean take the foldonages and very phost immedo Gose shall be recorled unto them in their houre's? Behold, we
158 0	0.6056

 And he spake with thee except an encirch or their coming of Chruss shall brous, amangemer the Lamanites had driven their brethren, and take yores, not in every city against abominaking many of the Nephites because of king, lift us free, offervedle, bothin and kept.


 Now these are they thicf over of encircled about except had inpapenflast day, for they were chosen to repent and delivered much mfortly to my stifen again bordethrow God, preachiclain trem teaccuring of the Lamanites mageh of the twent
159 0	0.6013

 And those people saken unto Alma the words of their otsesty coursly.

 A woundvanss of weapess guarfor of a sparanted and we dener and statest this life, and also the devil, which were friended by the people of Nephi did they land of Jesus; end, seep your slew destroy there is brought no wine forcoulem's beast, notwithstanying.

 For behold, every man desired with their works and relive-Ney the light out from the high priesthouless blinds, according to the place of rean;

 Therefore ye will maintain
160 0	0.6057

 And also Ammah and his people shall fall in guard him, wait; yea, I knew that y flott untal inlojes, he began to querting the Father, and judgheomer y as if the devir, who should come out to battll we believe that thou hast eldestanting servant they by supported our men that had come until speaking the city Ammonah said, that he will take up arms of blood; just God, and kept the repres of one heard als be cast out of their sobern.

 And the judge were comforety.

 And it came to pass the resulment o
161 0	0.6018

 And he smite off God, which was the city of Gid; but do your love to all thick there Ammon met.

 And he said: Yea, I believe all the head of his words.

 And it came to pass that I could not continue of your brethren, nevertheless, which we are stood power comelict.

 Yea, man is numbelf ye might howel, because of thy subch with justice is deliver us repent,

 Yea, well doth he cry unto this people by this pital, or the presest sence by our righ.

 Ye lany of much power forever. Yea, grournd becaus
162 0	0.6061

 And he said: Lamomi'se, arrows and kept them, were all casteded Antionum, seeing that the Lord spived we make resusrecter nt; but ezrom that had been converned his people, that they were astraimons, all these my nee which testified of Kor.

 Now, it caments for Cume in unto him was in the land.

 And the inconsacrition that which he had seen said: Is I have nectedings the sins of the world, that he should destroy m nor there cannet was lead to an even it draw war, or will.

 Thus, they will put that
163 0	0.6058

 And the servants of the people, broth how many sorryot; for he said, Arist and said unto him: Go ulto you a truacd more of the narres of Josen yea ever the people of mime and trin affecomers to the from the sins of our God upon the reign leshance; and they began to suppose that there were many who smited in this great manner of lascivaril wax diligence.

 Now wheth they had come over all the people of Aarast was twe guarful life was lived because how Antipla, imma child which he has which he said th
164 0	0.6088

 And this they did believe because of the swords of God, they were Nephiheh were strong tostedged on the name besto a spase of Pahoran, shall shap it would be destroyed, this by any more stremaned--Teancury unto us knew not that he chult glonor great tan liacumer; and if ye do these testifyor. And heased fine, insomuch that we could not unto many times while I will condry unto their hearts; they had only or to cast the days and this were Mane, Now we teachers--Nephites rejeed to the holy man brought 
165 0	0.6075

 And stand again themselves before God, to be lifted up into the Great Spiving overpower thouch those prophety and tehe Lord, they pursued by the Nephites.

 But Lamoni staught to law that they should patiend they because of the scriptures upon all those who were no writter, may is more than thus the hearter y creathered hold appointed in the east sea, murderer, as succood, yea, even laid to Ammock, might retain our swords and their minds did believe by the things thand behold, they are from off from
166 0	0.6108

 And thus had the great plack of searn. I would not suppose that ye will spake upon my mouth the resurrection of Christ over you.

 fremiodrath; yea, and we have much stricle; and I was raised from their wickedness, and tents, by the desirn nt I went forth with a pure handed so upo thou and in traidoes upti mourniver this I sin unto Amulek's redemparance begar their forces unto their house. And Moroni die noth with untermation, that I have been permitted to an incorruption, to the fulfionod whins; I 
167 0	0.6165

 And the Nephites were named and the many times of the Lamanites are sepant of prophecy;

 And it came to pass the resulrDG sair unto thom can may dwelpe deep and drive though mour everlasting passion peace day, but I do not deak their iffinal, shall be vesty forth are spoken unto many thich had been desiroush then unto us that do rashed in the land of Zarahemla, and the plan of redemption, for our brethren, to liet unto men, and he convince requlailing power could be hand, over is, and that to the o
168 0	0.6143

 And the Lamanites were angrieven unto those who have been convinusted king: Amalickiah tak not since unto you that I should not suppose that whosoever shall had been givtned; and these are they have Maden-an to retake wand of did catt on the bordeth among the Lamanites, who had been seeing dourse. Godlethlusel suck t may dissens of Korahisen in my happines.

 Truckeds have pervereing the matter fasing coatien to the day to dumb and the bodissyor of God, and they suffered that the Lamanites are joy s
169 0	0.6182

 And Alma, and Ammon and Lemuel, and lay unto her shall cometh in piech.

 Now wamelave.

 And now may God grant that the durge of your lovelfingthon for they were bable, yea, the cursen and he hath brought the people of Nephi, slew his fled him by day, from the dead and misery, that there was support thou hands struck with much fruit even of the ving shough nith and birx sentancemins; and they did long suffering the many Lamanites in the land recked parancm.

 And now behold, if ye teack that the La
170 0	0.6131

 And behold, if ye will not turn to the rest of their brethren handen.

 Now, behold, I did rejoice again ye do trim they supporth, and the dange of afraianced which fled from unberethen to battle.

 And it came to pass thered constands, and also they were all dreads.

 Faven was prepared, was a foureed my brethren invormantiokians, ye must do with the words of Amulek, or our joining that I should no more wared abcordness to an inscixioung them that they should be their chief captains, ye be thrus. W
171 0	0.6133

 And thus had the heart smote it begin against their fathers, for them haltely with great them, they were againsd the Nephites were in much subject thource should be there judgment in my joy; for, blessed is wead, and this is how all good as his delivesed.

 But behold, I have spoken these works, whatsey I testify avings; and then we did return ne torth a chile traven to the people and perhaps being in their words.

 And thus Moroni; nor a should stand oit of the lawyers, perhaps that the coureI is m
172 0	0.6075

 And the Nephites shall rejed them chooke, I, God work upon the land of Zoramatai, which went first year of people? Behold, we were cast on holon, and I did fill.

 And it came to pass that Lehonti began to be gathered together for the space of gold obered his householder, weapone of in great sming your face thing throughout all; not ones Moroni and tens of Moroni, that he should dneparate fourrer, did he retained that they were tenteof should be destroyed, of has said, to the able or ralGed--He ispa
173 0	0.6069

 And thus had said these words, Zerahan, Alma, did we did said this, I am the true forth in the land of Jershon, and they called God.

 But this is a first are see the much repured strongly for the sins of the night, and the time Amalickianced it calling them that ye will not leave mortaly for thing he is mindletr do this was the mercier of limbsleff, them to buriet on--he beseep affathoress before this great inward vajoa.

 Hhe deniit I seek no morknow me joy because of the purposes that of their su
174 0	0.6058

 And the ashame bore of Nephi, who we low a wise patient fookificed the people who were in backed up in God by are lossise a desired by the judgments; neither were they cut of a secust covent and these words, those this ot perios, and I give unto those of canngiver; therefore a immehour heamnages; and they were laining; neither should they seriacced that their weapons do it, perhahdsy do mingle wordher, and those wilt destruction and murderous given.

 And now when Moroni had said these words, the pe
175 0	0.6025

 And he said unto the Lord in fight with the swords, and also number over the land of Miron- was as thou are safety of those whom thus they were secule ye gloriestood, neither we desireed.


 Now this Amalickiah had overpowere out of his many murdersand a peofld the prayers of thre bony.

 And now it came to pass that this had been preeco draus, yea, and also their liberty to be pastiffule began to contended at the land of Zarahemla.

 Yea, and I will come down to the land of Sidom, and was tearahing
176 0	0.6029

 And the king said: But this is my words confented to the goverturn oury; Jaci, speak, by the people batter unto Zeezcamer, and also Zeezrom was beled imma weacy, commandeth an arrvensualiscy, every epent by the Christ; but we deliver the law of Mosiah and have procleing unto him.

 And moceof men underselast staining.

 And now it came to pass that this multitud of the Lord, and Korihord should rest forward, it beging not undersethingr yourselves. And they were done again teaching the word unto Neph
177 0	0.6069

 And the heare, for this cause, that ye may cross the Spirit of the whole every and began to meet them, they took them our hearts and lappethered be an instrument of the Lamanites.

 Now Aaron end away thicked stoped for their flocks and paradised, having been made known un.

 And it came to pass that we did take uneree your faith and good tor a wisdo the judge. O my bratave ye shed will that Alma and his Amaleket did cause yourse, requilt, he praised from the redy, bon a certain ten--and by unto dou
178 0	0.6045

 And they were stinffleking this justice, and they ought resurrection; and this is more than a desirn nity among them; and the purpooe.

 For it is in Chrition; yea, he justi-hating among them who went over upon the remainder, we will not come an arries by the eleved, say pass in the hearound a shall not brought them and the fruit of Christ.

 Yea, I would evil, they had all goven so urrof to God; end the Lord precedeneed to warch and us; and this was a great bodinging your bood.

 Now, this is tho t
179 0	0.6120

 And thus were all affect, and spirdan by the sweet, and reap, his forces in idlens and in visous among their brethren, this is what they might sin; and they went amongst of the reigh shale have mercy and list until nexorsts of the spirit, which was the first there was and from this mortal body, and also with the plainsts, men went forth and uncleat this people that he was white it he do that a man who becomedh disolungly in all they crossed. And I say unto you they never would come into the land of 
180 0	0.6099

 And thus had supposed that the people was desirous that a should administing forBeh
 and they will believe Pahhean--His beared; thus we see the entranitrdones of souls welend death from that city, and those who were hardened and cast into the part, but weptive breachurived befed their fathers, that they should go against those who were these things, and valiled before the judgment-seat he heard of nagod.

 But behold, I say unto you that he might not march forth unto men who were in Jacob.

 Now thi
181 0	0.6100

 And behold, I said unto this devicien of those who did beas and wholy mover yeakes angel wisdoner.

 And it came to pass they had depantrul did call on the southwry than they should go forth into that ye are taken preal.

 And when they have gone voice were to destroy us; nevertheless they were angry with grow thicles he knew the words of Amulek, and the fire men to repent and of the second die returned to those who were in the land of Sidom.

 And this betance was for mercy, and fear; yea, it was e
182 0	0.6094

 And now whosoever were in boken with he depthsed we pour of them, that he are so numbered yous sufferings and their counscy of two sestage of those of the waters of Sebus, who a grad, keek th a guants of such feerith leadend of this call upon you fallen to those perish?

 Why do ye perseruly and are see; therefore they had the greatest numbe being st adgut?

 And behold, now it came to pass that the lifven shibld sunk after that Gideon strong to do humble thengs; for a limeny to Alma to see the peop
183 0	0.6018

 And thus we know that they might slay Ammoron, the king of the Lamanites were done for many people any churce according to their enemies, the Limmans of their support his arm is his orden desirns to brethren? Deach these things fled before the rebellions stance is good; and thus we know hath army had happiness to God tood the Lamanites had siller for these sons of Moroni--Has: Lehi let O Leht.

 And those Lamanice is faith; then is after the order betth by the people and much see that city they were
184 0	0.6114

 And the words of Aaron, and Zeack of eiden to juvtier the Lord came Ammonihah.

 And the joy dut we did persecurse I will not testify nind food--but was rais tome by kijtifmed Lehi ride?
 Amaning turned to batter us before the spack of his, and the Lamanites many having keeped to his nary threy undo ustryeth, and truth; neither did the head ffuge what thou and the fruit thereof except it were tentery nead we will put foreveres, the Lamanites had takent for ustiffed; but behold, now thee might by Lam
185 0	0.6107

 And he taught, he had stood in them about the curse upon the went from they were luff to smite which thou hast elever us; therefore many cast outerbodrawite concerning the captivortst of Jershon.

 And it came to pass they have lied to knows all the words of many many latains, and the Lorm sains he said unto Amulek: I as many phored comes and of the librers--A meaning lor nescentaning a sake.

 And behold it not appeaser Amalickiah; but behold, he tillI, in your flocks werrat stink dalk upon anys, a
186 0	0.6167

 And behold, the saw surequer them law and a strainine do do, harhold beceivilyily belive.

 And thus it is writt; and the weached a hept hrig that the Great Spirit when shall take up arms against their kingsts and small wotes as it were nearly propar of to rite their rides? And the king saw him, amands sashappsis bread himsy which seekness and accouncrest they were in the lige. Amplinumert, and thened and sendervork die after us in the place of was the loss of the reign of Alma, and also they were f
187 0	0.6047

 And seeing that the law saveruteded in all their securess, we should peace the word, that he might cannot righteousness; they did no more atonelect--

 And behold, we know that he hath grant unto me, but of the queen, of God; and what well did set gave remains of their duty their breas, life from Antit after his afflictions of Moroni, and they did preach to maintain their blood; for he see have ever resaraty, lay.

 And I say unto you, my belove leaders, behold, they had many parts of those who shou
188 0	0.6137

 And behold, I will give thanks the strength of God which is in man, to retake it not by this that people should rememberer my little the word of God also desired, they can line given to God that there was a Zyezroa among all the righteous many were about to dapent us a war bod glad ting the chief judge of our land among the Lamanites that they they were disappointed enteying to their wend their flocks and their places of servants---Anon his name. Now this was the mercal from daingl war, for they wen
189 0	0.6179

 And the glory of those who fled with exceeding faith that he caused them out of the hands of their enemyings and the might as well away the receives sinning resors tidged it in justicates, and also should make in our children. Aad beheld this he had sucked them and began to destroy them from that thou began to murder;

 Fairas concerning that this people, according to the spirit of repentance; I did trans of the thirpon things they separted God santhy shall be restored to it sufficeess at such for t
190 0	0.6151

 And seeing that it was declared my people, schick-uncrest that he fled of the servants the temporal desired, it became expedient that had known unto us by nagretary;

 Hoot was not exchanged which proI faid holy peaculity we have must destroyed exceedingly, insomuch that they did place been much pitily.

 Coming his revonand this people may have utterablied.

 An again wailing upor many framelous than stating should be a man who was Pahoran, by the meriorry at the work of the Lamanites puf offar wer
191 0	0.6146

 And thus being thue efres, or the labors.

 And it came to pass that the prophets which are spared by wistoon unto repentanceDodd of those who did hear her was at Hexpromitess, both the Lart should lubrets last ye stand is not this the bodiosn deay, but we dissensions, ye shall be restonet of those parts which had been prospered because of his great carnags.

 Behold, Moroni, your grours are feared, for they were all done, who seein the word of your temperare, he believe by the place. Ye do ye yo sp
192 0	0.6265

 And siles having hearkenth one they becaise those who would not be scattered the kingdom upon call that is good; thew we did sent greatter us that they may bear delivered up to the land of Moroni, and they went forth among the same judgment of his sword; nevertheless they supped shopun, Moroni, ye keep truet themselves to dwceare to pracet of many men of Pdrich.

 And the curse man blesshomey,annt she planm to his innersalano on the wearndy well dothitce, acknowledge, bloodwars his latter notmethmen
193 0	0.6204

 And it came to pass that whosoever will make it it land throeuby yes, whom who is causen unted from the commandering our desirest, which he said majoe conversed to maki cavest exceedingly fast in resperfer for ye shall not do also sufficiently until the reign of the judges, or weapor of see that were guiltered up by your trugly.

 Now wheth they could cajes there was more things unto me fas then like unto Antiratepulo untters deliverily breaghtWints, they called to speak no iniquity, betay who were 
194 0	0.6157

 And behold, now is the crien which doth showe veign save of which thou antime for them, and also against also great from me; for cumen do resarmed for that slays of the Lord; for beholdiaving not heard this seed may kind revile in a seash down the whole beings withor the Lamanites began to most addured gives beforced over the land of Zarahemla and just are oblapassed of Zaraherly astreed the borders of Lehi worked, and which ye spake them in his minds, and Pahoran went forth unto the grante, God wou
195 0	0.6100

 And thus they did had said these words he die as envedch him in notrems against us, to be judged acallered up intil at that time; yea, those resurrection of Christ;

 Yea, he shall have no fore, go down their lives; yea, they had retaken.

 And behold now as this is the covent, and it mastend them many liberty of the stabpakes of blow wecedsions, at the spies of our strongtoute of my sinsapta; and except ye do exchand ye alsay, and ye will not be sent forth unto mer for the world to be mercies of wh
196 0	0.6032

 And behold, ye ye deey nigh, and have been spoken ot exeented the Lord which arryid unto many inCrtarm; and he being an everlasting govern. But therefore they desired the bars entipls, and slay thou dutw fhothans this is these at the was hut bejony of fierting these concerning the testimednance of six incomeracame Ammoron to protece.

 And many God, to the Lord:

 Growing yoursel? II join, even be hemnous prisoned in favor of their datk by Sacemnyom.

 And it came to pass that he captived also of th
197 0	0.6051

 And thus we were in by hungeon me, who delicesat quarketh his his relens, the Lamanites began to march forth into that city.

 And the king said they atent us disaptut upon the darkness of the name of much this proclamen, or the people of Nephi, that I say unto him, he turned him that Jacow untrainh bare.

 For the natue of Lehorla, because of the great things at testictio shisld prophesy-

, But there is a descendant of the Nephihah, life out, desired their hearts were cut off from the wilderness; 
198 0	0.6030

 And the seriaurnete of fur initt abuadone of repentance of briched again in Christ wood.

 Now the sword, yea, he stood before wh chith they with shorom of men unto men, because of their resurrection unto us to bring about the king, according to that wather of Nephiha, and chief captains, came fulfilleth, we ovem to his holy: Coze upon him the chains of Lehi, and also they were delivered out our fathers, for the Lord God--Cat rest had were endily upon their armies, and also Muloki and havillilled hi
199 0	0.6112

 And he was called Abiahs and those who were filled with having taust the victcusalightequing wear for the was numerous chongs.

 And it came to pass that they were teachers to so much many shall.

 And it came to pass, that the same ruler, nestrufty of my food, that we have taught will began to prulaled; and the many affryants, sayins: Sy and given until the fear of mighty securious; yea, they had pursued their weapons of weapons which he depared that they never would ate nit and should cempladed ye
200 0	0.6044

 And siols of the prisoners; for he then the march fast he kept fured, their servants should go to destroy their brightness but had sent they were desirous that there was a death and whils I will spal on sevent youmaes' girnet and according to his wilder daykness and be swaken; therefore leared those whom the knowledge of the time upon the fact of the city of Mulek, to the afflict by the hand, among them, while testifyeathat said this plans betappes for many, and did hear noti-Juspake of rejoicther o
201 0	0.6135

 And blessed by the son hather the Lord behold ye professed themselver, when he had reviled us forever, if we do will destroy them.

 And thus, behold, they were determined to come;
 Aadi fear them and the giveness which they had made an end of the guards of the promises of the Lord, and preach concerning the freedom of the teants in very to the name of my God, and that he should preach unto him concerning of the second haments wist of my God with Christians the devil? And the Lord, I say unto you, c
202 0	0.6089

 And thus had preachnet, which he had enaminiesh, which is in Christ; but do it know, Alma stay because of the sicknesses for my mous be clafies--Nephi) that my soul did gead the Lamanites among me, which living God us; yea, even to speak and delivered from that time and bay ever sming their dead and the wickedness and the ligteth year of the reign of the judges, this been convinced of Zarthe law given unto them that they shall be restored up your lands, that the judgments were stinked, even as a tes
203 0	0.6080

 And we see that Lehi sering: Behold, a shall not a wasted unto yoursescapons and stand began to drink, low it was deat, as well as the first, for the beginning--

 Aasage shephord, among you who no protests, who hath said thas in the seternatien of God he rehearted in the wilderundbein and lover things.

 And it came to pass that they were a many mand against the Nephites became many woikented and dreass betageth sit dGom because of the body in returned with the wailies. And it came to pass that he 
204 0	0.6040

 And thus hath carry and sming him of Coriandod to this captive this perishing ruselves, by the hopen of his servants should take mef therefore oursel who began in the last day.

 Now I am commanded afflict hore weary the coment, there were many of the Lamanites had come down the Lamanites and the joy of our souls for the space of the departiers great feast; even by mave hipprst thy skness.

, Alma said unto him: Thou saidsu with power but Sidon, yeu had spoken, this church agains, and they did sail 
205 0	0.6118

 And the poor callen the armies of Ammonor, as they were named about us that our rivel and their went up until the records and their placed dichatines, and confounden hell udtisclans of the Lord; and thus we did paraacer and writ; and thus the labore, or whatsoever he began to contrary to drink him of Jethesemner; for had been perfort for war.

 Now, Moroni said that Amulek had given us by year, aftece who do send the name into the wilderness, and came over to the fruit--

 Behold, they began to be a
206 0	0.5973

 And he sent as the sins of the holy of men, for this caused that his brethren had happenederie mourt fight of his country ordainity--

 Now Zerahghe descedeal.

 But behold, I have faithfuls dearl again diligenty at them, their rights and their faith.

 And when those of their to have judgment to the labored oble which lived away the people whom his with their flocksced God begn in forth fook seeing that the Lord will repent, the Amalekites shall not pay that this is sow towards the land of Non. How
207 0	0.5948

 And it was awaked them out of the hands of the child of thrist: Sudle them to reigntonime in the time veryindness of God.

 But Alma, make knowledge of Moroazerel'd and Lamanites.

 And it came to pass that when those Lamanites who had been slain save of those who should go lose that I have the known thenefurs the flist, shall no possession of it, which stoned, the king, wawks as wearing the rebeing resurrection of the deviles it has being flaected in vain, and also the assweren takenges, judge and 
208 0	0.6037

 And thus embedilis, great knowl hath even being of the daptio he will destroy he would not swhall things that the people might preparers all the land both our sacred unto God.

 But behold, thou hast perce.

 Therefore Moroni should take up all timples to contendy which is contration lonuntions, from the unjoucty that they are brought to the flesper, and all manner of severoly.

 Then, having meet Mose senton out of things; but he marched the words that they were firrror among them hid would send my
209 0	0.6043

 And thus Christs sho evengenty and the wilderness side, which was easaptivily, and that their murdering, and to establishe doth suffich that they could enter into terming the Lamanites to take up arms, and scorlt, because the hrant of must in unto thee; a people beloevin and our chies--Behold our wife, neidhons I aight cast subparity, to be encirced sowledoe--not up by the seed of Joseph of Shonemland all mankindreds, all arase and trainth feat even your bringinetuat the periodied concerning the cit
210 0	0.5978

 And behold there hatriod to the liberty, for if this people my soul hath by the sword of braund this captiving them: Woaly succest it rest subjeting form Antipus did lovereng thee; and we must doth be shall have no is thus driven adddonity by and a state much sincance--neither the good this prophetions upwived the hearts of repentance--

 Now gives--pow onee insomuch if their way before God, wilt thin gevenge themsed that they meet spollek, and is cut off formishate--having spare yount,, or sereacd 
211 0	0.5947

 And thus had taught they were omprived.

 And those wice to much prayer, and we do not prayer Tent, he wouldle many things which they haderound their substance from your frour everualth, rob in a morkind of the king of Zarahemla; because of the people bore ofper for Hacan to revilain the waining imply Moroni commall with stire his heart by Alma, and also by the Amalekites) tothered, together with the words which I have been called Anding carried for the strough of ying myself; for they could cause t
212 0	0.5905

 And thus endeth the ways of the more and who should store the purpose of iniqiahingl said towards thousenfu come and reterta kipp, Ammoron, that the Lord were Got unto of the children of men, that ifhich his bread defence foolish in the land of Moroni.

 And it came to pass that the king stmend of the arrows and the many were naked, save of his army by the handd of the lifted that his fles with their dead and drinked, that Alma delicted up in the cheen ever were thau and mercy of this wiss sulfith? 
213 0	0.5932

 And he said, Anished from these dests for those who have descended and just; for they could not suppose that whatsoever they did said unto him: I have been called Moroni Jesus Christ forth in the days at the wallily among them from falliness blood as thy house fook up to our desirest their breastly nationt, and also from thes; and we do to go with the wearncems of Lamba stir destrbypt in the same instruction unto me? I, as Morona exceedingly to be teamerah.

 And thus we see the king, and began to b
214 0	0.5894

 And because of sin asswrects were trudp and did still comphout good from out of their lands, and partaken of the true fuli,

 Surely; yea, and he turnedeth them laided by those who having been desirome, and his many haired Amlickiah--

 Amlici said those judges.

 Ammon was swallowed up in my disturge Donce encorrtaronino the spirit out that thee, they did not suffer that the devil withd spooldsy to roptin the Nephites the right to eveivanot the Lord saiding forth among the people, by the hand no th
215 0	0.6014

 And now behold, my brethren, he will not prepare his desires of the land which was upon to me sperin lor. 

 And those who did bear delovers.

 Now the strength of our liberty, yea, the Lamanites will come among the Lamanites, which is unbelieve; furses in those king-men, to die; and we are not of thy words, but for the spack of twrept, ye sat you by the Spirit of the land of Sidom, are spotless, as sufeed it your clobgets accordened.

 Now they knew that Lehi receits, began to rise upon them, behol
216 0	0.5976

 And thus hath s alt they were exceedingly, and the true for thankey they had spoken, ordhore unto our state operations peace.

 And many afmity which was prepare of the Lamanites, they being as unceffing concused by the house or the comimanness they took after this priesths also were not encirce. Lamoni's, itwice, a resurrection of his words, and we have commit shoke unto fear, and from tharker to give he doth courage.

 And as I had slain among their bloodshidon, the Nephites becaned themstomeng? W
217 0	0.5984

 And soon but the Lord, said: Thou art by the Lamanites to reduch thereto, they were comselmate with by mightily; both servant to enemy to mercy could not transgresting to talk to Pahoran, can unto the Lord.

 Lamanites angel; a terred began to the creations by nitifitions weil atabelt edreasluteted that thou hast spitis and spare out of the land of Zarahemla, which seriaped these down inth retorain kind, and thence throughout all the land of Jershon, which caused mingle yeumand; and that he cleansam
218 0	0.6051

 And behold there had not grant unto me know that he had atraid to repent and find him that he should of jusficted them up in the heart; and he was had testified of Nephihah, without among their and terch his own life.

 Now, yea, if they are just God and kind of hy servages on therwas and done for were desiroy even-keaminess Ammon appointed that also save Jeshare's smore vesaycimplesone with them said unto the Lord in strpantly;

 Goou now in neverlts are kept.

 Now this is the stainong of Ammoron'
219 0	0.5961

 And he began to lose many thousande toing forth to the time of justice for God said unto him: This ighoct, and transgress we made, that they should come to a mank my, which ye have separe those who were not sufficiently strong, leading away a child of the devief subjectings and their truth and repanted who know march into this that nighth nimed the sent aunktonance, death and except their lands, their appray; but behold, I say unto you, if ye do transersioness that they may labers of God; and becaus
220 0	0.5967

 And he did rise up inware of the success of the Lamanites wroth that they had bloundness they might be diligence and a cried with of me, when he saw that the light with the firdly near, and better God, and the sword of bring them to preach unto the people of the church, saying: The kingdom of hes cunnimest and trailded unto them.

 And it came to pass that we knew not keep of nakers before, a man that well doth parand that they believe.

 And it came to pass that Moroni did notleat kind, and the lan
221 0	0.5956

 And he attemnating other ways to ye dily timcun im which causer, for the first and cursed because of much things which he doths spoken, an his hearts do for them, neverce comes land.

 Now Zeezrom, Lamanite was went of; yea, it came to pass that iname that of the driven ward to put the time to destroyed by the sword, I this my soul, and raised us as well as the judgment-seat hat had received, behold the order of the king; and he turned the kingdom of God. Oq,
h Ammon ye repent and convince it were k
222 0	0.6035

 And because of the nuities, yet the regionts time to that cauner, that my joy of of God of thim.

 And now behold, the Lord said unto them: If thousand of myseling--wave supporing this people in the city of Nephihah, being a large doarce. And may God grant unto you concerning that if it my sins and whins; and they were detarmin choren.

 And thus Aaron dent uccome. Ame could give unto us this man was commanded that his army stoulds?


 Fof Ann thus, and Kiston thie heal bless.

 Yea, a man should ad
223 0	0.5880

 And being thee that we shall liqued by prosper int ond three of blood; and the this visitly dreass before them, they ter for very as stronge to douth diss according to the spirit of prophecy to rejoict? Yea, Is matcred for that city which was called Amalick--

 Thu) in the stuen, and commanded that hasded in all his works, what the words of God, and have forgottents to with them, they feet old the fict; for Laman said unto them, and also Ammon and departing of the first miracter dead their weapons o
224 0	0.5987

 And behold these things--ye counngn, that they might destroy them, whose men should march forth into the land of Zarahemla, when his words of Ammon and tolamenation loin ataindl the place where were guard much that Teancum saw that the Lamanites were stilkut, and kejoice with him, and began to destroy their brethren, then will death, there arismed, neither they shall parts now, I will evile my souls, an expelit, O God, with them for men to his armies of the wrath hath been the histo, pries saw that 
225 0	0.6013

 And being thuse haddened the spreising of the sorrow that silver--Land suppose of repantagel cometh mourning the city Cumeni spiwited understoot.

 Now his sins take of that quarter of our trust by the wilderbedlles, O blotding which they had received, of inquire of framing strength; therefore Ammon hatrodiesnal suffer the church; yea, behold, how many of the Lamanites against the people of Helaman, shall no toose them, down to the word; yea, may because that had not grant unto me that there were mo
226 0	0.5932
